What is divide and conquer in programming? Give an example from the domain of writing a chess game
Show me the C code to start and stop a precise timer for code benchmarking.
In C, how can I generate a random number between 1 and 100?
In C, how can I define a Unicode string?
In C, how can I portably access the elements of the header of a binary file like JPG?
In portable standard ISO C++20, how do you read a *.csv file into RAM without using a library?
In portable standard ISO C++20, how do you read a *.csv file into RAM?
In portable standard ISO C++20, how do you read a *.csv file into RAM using the standard library or an open source library under the MIT, BSD, Apache or LGPL licenses.?
In Python, how can I draw simple graphics using LOGO-like turtle graphics commands?
In Python, how can I professionally render a contingency matrix that shows the performance of a binary classifier?
In Java, how do I iterate over all keys of a hashtable?
In Java, how can I replace all matches of a regular expression?
In C, how can I create a 3-dimensional matrix of float objects that is safe from buffer overflow errors?
In Julia, how can I plot a ROC curve?
In Julia, how can I print a contingency matrix?
In Julia, how can I define a three-dimensional matrix of floats?
In Julia, which library provides an implementation of the Viterbi algorithm for Hidden Markov Models?
Show me the Julia code for generating a random undirected graph.
In Rust, how can I design functions to return errors systematically?
In portable standard ISO C++20, how do you read a *.csv file into RAM without using a library?
In portable standard ISO C++20, how do you read a *.csv file into RAM?
In portable standard ISO C++20, how do you read a *.csv file into RAM using the standard library or an open source library under the MIT, BSD, Apache or LGPL licenses.?
In Python, how can I draw simple graphics using LOGO-like turtle graphics commands?
In Python, how can I professionally render a contingency matrix that shows the performance of a binary classifier?
In Java, how can I implement a singleton class?
In C, how can I create a 3-dimensional matrix of float objects that is safe from buffer overflow errors?
In Julia, how can I view the compiled code for a function?
In Rust, how can I design functions to return errors systematically?
In Rust, how do I implement what would be a class in Java or C++?
In Rust, how do I make a struct printable?
Show me a Kotlin class for singly linked lists.
In Rust, how do I implement what would be a class in Java or C++?
In Rust, how do I make a struct printable?
In Rust, which library is best for fast trie lookup in RAM?
In Rust, which library perovides efficient B-tree storage on disk?
In Kotlin, how does the minimum code of an Android mobile app look like?
In Kotlin, what is the syntax for anonymous functions?
In Swift, how does the minimum iPhone mobile app source code look like?
Show me the minimum Android mobile app in Kotlin.
What does this C++ code do?
What does this Python code do?
What does the following Python code do?
How can I test in Python whether a CUDA GPU is present?
Explain recursion.
Explain the difference between transient and persistent.
In databases, explain the ACID acronym.
Show me an SQL query that computes aggregate statistics about a table.
If I have an SQL table defined by ``CREATE TABLE t(...)'', how can I insert a new author only if he or she does not already exist?
In FORTRAN 95, how can I multiply two 2x2 matrices of integers A and B?
Can I separate a function's declaration from its implementation in FORTRAN?
Can I separate a function's declaration from its implementation in Modula-2?
Can I separate a function's declaration from its implementation in C++?
Can I separate a function's declaration from its implementation in Java?
Explain tail recursion to me.
What is wrong in the following Python code: ... ? Explain all errors or bugs to me.
Show me all errors or bugs in the following C function: ... How does it look like when it is corrected?
Show me a set of C functions for creating a (singly) linked list, inserting data to a linked list, deleting an item from a linked list and freeing a linked list.
How do you check whether a value is any one of a list of constants in Python?
How do you check whether a value is any one of a list of constants in C++?
How do you check whether a value is any one of a list of constants in Rust?
How do you check whether a value is any one of a list of constants in LISP?
How do you check whether a value is any one of a list of expressions in Python?
How do you check whether a value is any one of a list of expressions in C++?
How do you check whether a value is any one of a list of expressions in Rust?
How do you check whether a value is any one of a list of expressions in LISP?
What is the difference between StringBuffer and String in Java?
In C++, how to I concatenate strings?
How can I run a principle component analysis of a matrix A in FORTRAN? What is the most efficient portable library that I can call to do that?
How to compute the standard deviation of an array in FORTRAN?
How to compute the standard deviation of an array in JavaScript?
How to compute the standard deviation of an array in Scheme?
How to compute the standard deviation of an array in CommonLISP?
How to define family relationships (father, mother, brother, sister, grandparents, aunties and uncles) in PROLOG?
Show me the MATLAB code to compute the singular value decomposition of a matrix X.
Show me the R code to compute the singular value decomposition of a matrix X.
Write me a bash function to iterate through all lines in a file and call a command for each line with the string of the line as an argument.
What is wrong with the following C code? int main() { char *s = "Hello, "; strcat(s, "World!"); puts(s); }
How do I declare a pointer to a 3-dimensional array of floats in C?
list the different typoes of abstraction
what are the pros and cons of using a domain-specific language
explain how recursion works using fibonacci as an example
What does ACID stand for in databases and why should I care
write a singleton class in Kotlin
how can I pass an anonymous function to an iterator in python that goes over all list elements in a way so that it returns as the result a list of the values of the application of the anonymous function?
How can I write a generator function in Scheme?
Explain divide and conquer
how do immmutable objects get declared in Rust?
how do immmutable objects get declared in C++?
what does volatile do in C?
How can I wrap a function 'f' in Python for reusability?
How can I wrap a function 'f' in Kotlin for reusability?
Show me the code how to reuse a C++ class across multiple projects
how can I create a vector of bits in C++
In SQL, how can I get all employee records (table 'EMPLOYEES') with salaries (EMPLOYEE.SALARY) greater than the average salary?
How do I declare a function local to another one in C++?
Show me all bugs and deficiencies in this C code: void nb__net_init(void) { nb__init_timers(); nb__net_state = malloc(sizeof(nb__net_state)); nb__net_state->num_conn = 0; }
Show me the bugs in the following code:
Show me the bugs in the following code:
Show me the bugs in the following code:
Show me the bugs in the following code:
How can I open a window in Python?
How can I save an array to a file in Python?
How can I load a file containing whitespace-separated integers into an array in Python?
Write a REST service in Python for me
Write me the code to read an email inbox from a Python script, and to pass each email's plain text to a function 'process'
